Zhao Bingrui is the company's president
How can he like a piece of trash like you?
Mom
I told you to have a deep communication with me.
My ability is super strong
You haha
Even if you use some tricks to sign the company, what can you do?
Shunyang Technology's current market value is only 1 billion
And you want to use 3 billion to do it
Then in the end, I will still be the one making money, right?
Yes, the semiconductor industry is suffering from severe losses.
Even if you get the company
Won't it still go bankrupt and liquidate?
Development of the semiconductor industry
A short-sighted person like you
I don't understand the market at all
Visitors
I have bought the most cutting-edge technology patents
And plan new semiconductor chip R&D projects
In less than a month
It can bring the company a profit of 10 billion
Hum 10 billion
Do you think you can invite some actors?
It can fool us.
Tell you the whole country
Everyone knows that you, Du Chen, are a waste.
No one will invest in your project.
10 more minutes
People from the world's three largest chambers of commerce will come to me to sign contracts
What are the three major chambers of commerce?
No, I heard it right, of course.
The three chambers of commerce are the top three in the world.
Interview them about the wealth in their hands
It can be said that it is 1/10 of the world's
Even our Du
In their eyes, they are nothing more than ants.
People like them who are high and mighty
There's no way I can go to jail with you
I already said that
A short-sighted person like you
I don't understand the market at all
Break
Then tell me
If people from the three major chambers of commerce
Can I really come and sign a contract with you?
I'll twist my head off and let you kick it like a ball
The three major chambers of commerce